src/docs/product/user-feedback/setup.mdx, before:

---
title: "Set Up"
sidebar_order: 12
description: "Get started with Sentry's User Feedback, which allows you to collect feedback from your users."
---

<Include name="feature-stage-beta-user-feedback.mdx" />

With User Feedback, you can collect feedback from your users via two methods: a Feedback Widget that can be displayed anywhere in your web application and/or a Crash-Report Dialog that appears when your users are experiencing crashes.

To get instructions for how to set it up and start collecting feedback, click a link for one of the supported SDKs below.

## Supported SDKs

User Feedback supports all browser-based applications. This includes static websites, single-page-aplications and also server-side-rendered, that includes frameworks such as:
[Django](/platforms/python/integrations/django/),
[Spring](/platforms/java/guides/spring-boot/),
[ASP.NET](/platforms/dotnet/guides/aspnetcore/),
[Laravel](/platforms/php/guides/laravel/),
[Express](/platforms/node/guides/express/) and
[Rails](/platforms/ruby/guides/rails/).
If you don't use `npm` or `yarn`, you can use [our Loader `script` tag](/platforms/javascript/install/loader/) on your main HTML template.

The Sentry SDK that injects the Feedback widget runs on the client's browser, and it’s built-in to `@sentry/browser` and our browser framework SDKs:

- [Vanilla JavaScript](/platforms/javascript/user-feedback/)
- [Angular](/platforms/javascript/guides/angular/user-feedback/)
- [Astro](/platforms/javascript/guides/astro/user-feedback/)
- [Capacitor](/platforms/javascript/guides/capacitor/user-feedback/)
- [Electron](/platforms/javascript/guides/electron/user-feedback/)
- [Ember](/platforms/javascript/guides/ember/user-feedback/)
- [Gatsby](/platforms/javascript/guides/gatsby/user-feedback/)
- [Next.js](/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/user-feedback/)
- [React](/platforms/javascript/guides/react/user-feedback/)
- [Remix](/platforms/javascript/guides/remix/user-feedback/)
- [Svelte](/platforms/javascript/guides/svelte/user-feedback/)
- [SvelteKit](/platforms/javascript/guides/sveltekit/user-feedback/)
- [Vue](/platforms/javascript/guides/vue/user-feedback/)

Commit message:

add crash report api to product docs/setup

src/docs/product/user-feedback/setup.mdx, after:

---
title: "Set Up"
sidebar_order: 12
description: "Get started with Sentry's User Feedback, which allows you to collect feedback from your users."
---

<Include name="feature-stage-beta-user-feedback.mdx" />

With User Feedback, you can collect feedback from your users via two methods: a Feedback Widget that can be displayed anywhere in your web application and/or a Crash-Report Dialog that appears when your users are experiencing crashes.

To get instructions for how to set it up and start collecting feedback, click a link for one of the supported SDKs below.

## Supported SDKs

The User Feedback widget can be used on all browser-based applications. This includes static websites, single-page-applications, and also server-side-rendered, including frameworks such as:
[Django](/platforms/python/integrations/django/),
[Spring](/platforms/java/guides/spring-boot/),
[ASP.NET](/platforms/dotnet/guides/aspnetcore/),
[Laravel](/platforms/php/guides/laravel/),
[Express](/platforms/node/guides/express/) and
[Rails](/platforms/ruby/guides/rails/).
If you don't use `npm` or `yarn`, you can use [our Loader `script` tag](/platforms/javascript/install/loader/) on your main HTML template.

The Sentry SDK that injects the Feedback widget runs on the client's browser, and it’s built-in to `@sentry/browser` and our browser framework SDKs:

- [Vanilla JavaScript](/platforms/javascript/user-feedback/)
- [Angular](/platforms/javascript/guides/angular/user-feedback/)
- [Astro](/platforms/javascript/guides/astro/user-feedback/)
- [Capacitor](/platforms/javascript/guides/capacitor/user-feedback/)
- [Electron](/platforms/javascript/guides/electron/user-feedback/)
- [Ember](/platforms/javascript/guides/ember/user-feedback/)
- [Gatsby](/platforms/javascript/guides/gatsby/user-feedback/)
- [Next.js](/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/user-feedback/)
- [React](/platforms/javascript/guides/react/user-feedback/)
- [Remix](/platforms/javascript/guides/remix/user-feedback/)
- [Svelte](/platforms/javascript/guides/svelte/user-feedback/)
- [SvelteKit](/platforms/javascript/guides/sveltekit/user-feedback/)
- [Vue](/platforms/javascript/guides/vue/user-feedback/)


## Crash-Report API

For non-browser-based applications, we provide an API to send Crash Reports. This allows you to connect your own user interface with Sentry's Crash-Reports. The following SDKs have support for the Crash-Report API:

- [Android](/platforms/android/user-feedback/)
- [Apple](/platforms/apple/user-feedback/)
- [Dart](/platforms/dart/user-feedback/)
- [.NET](/platforms/dotnet/user-feedback/)
- [Flutter](/platforms/flutter/user-feedback/)
- [Java](/platforms/java/user-feedback/)
- [Kotlin](/platforms/kotlin-multiplatform/user-feedback/)
- [Node.JS](/platforms/node/user-feedback/)
- [React Native](/platforms/react-native/user-feedback/)
- [Unreal](/platforms/unreal/user-feedback/)
- [Unity](/platforms/unity/user-feedback/)
